Print logprep version via CLI (#136)
fkie-cad/Logprep: CHANGELOG.md

* Fix processor initialization in auto rule tester
* Fix generation of RST-Docs

### Breaking

* The configuration argument `--config` is not a positional argument anymore. 

> With that it has to be used when passing a configuration to logprep

Reviewer: This is misleading. How about:
```suggestion
This makes it necessary to explicitly use the argument --config when a config is to be passed to logprep.
```
